Nuc box unify (#1072)
Dasharo/docs: docs/unified/novacustom/firmware-transition.md

This document describes the process of transitioning from Dasharo UEFI to Heads
and the other way around.

> > NOTE: The transition is currently only supported on laptops. The NUC BOX is

Reviewer: The `NOTE` is now duplicated, and the Introduction section is not really specific to Laptops.

Don't you think it would be better to move the `Introduction` out of the tabs and remove the `NOTE` about NUC box from the Laptops tab?
Like this:
```suggestion
## Introduction
This document describes the process of transitioning from Dasharo UEFI to Heads
and the other way around.
=== "NUC BOX"
    The transition is currently only supported on laptops. The NUC BOX is
    currently not supported by Heads.
=== "Laptops"
    ## Switching from Dasharo UEFI to Heads
```

> > NOTE: The transition is currently only supported on laptops. The NUC BOX is

Author: https://github.com/Dasharo/docs/pull/1072/commits/df05fc3648c48195072cc33b5355f38ebd048eb3

argh right, sorry, I knew I'd left something behind
